README.md, before:

# What is PPG Mod Creator
[PPG Mod Creator](https://cheeteau.github.io/PPG-Mod-Creator/) is a small mod creator that I created in my free time.
The purpose of this site is not to create mods that compete with the workshop mods, it's more for people who don't want to learn how to code for creating mods. So don't expect to be able to create incredible things.

# Helping me
You can submit all the ideas you have [on this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScbHfIQZGH6lYh36BHUNsR70Eo5v74Qu9GzSbI-WFvuDAbsFA/viewform).
If you wanna tip me some money, just [click on this link](https://ko-fi.com/cheeteau).
And if you're crazy, you can contribute on the repo to help me clean the code, and have your name displayed on the helpers page on the website.

# Changelogs (From the websites creation to now)
- **[03/08/2022]** High quality human textures are now supported. Also added the possibility to make an object weightless. Also modified the README.md
- **[03/05/2022]** Added more explosive and weapon types.
- **[03/03/2022]** Added more weapon types.
- **[02/28/2022]** Fixed the save button, now you can save the elements you created correctly.
- **[02/27/2022]** Fixed some requirements, so you're not forced to put an audio when creating an object.
- **[02/22/2022]** You can now change entities' health and regeneration speed.
- **[02/21/2022]** Added a lot of content such as objects weight, material, spawn sound. Added the ability to create a category for your mod as well.
- **[03/09/2021]** Fixed the "compiler".
- **[03/08/2021]** Now saves all the content created in the localstorage.
- **[03/03/2021]** First version of the website.

Commit message:

📦 Added some content
Added almost all material types in the object creation form, added the Gorse in the entity making form and added ppg assets links

README.md, after:

# What is PPG Mod Creator
[PPG Mod Creator](https://cheeteau.github.io/PPG-Mod-Creator/) is a small mod creator that I created in my free time.
The purpose of this site is not to create mods that compete with the workshop mods, it's more for people who don't want to learn how to code for creating mods. So don't expect to be able to create incredible things.

# Helping me
You can submit all the ideas you have [on this form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScbHfIQZGH6lYh36BHUNsR70Eo5v74Qu9GzSbI-WFvuDAbsFA/viewform).
If you wanna tip me some money, just [click on this link](https://ko-fi.com/cheeteau).
And if you're crazy, you can contribute on the repo to help me clean the code, and have your name displayed on the helpers page on the website.

# Changelogs (From the websites creation to now)
- **[03/09/2022]** Added almost all material types in the object creation form, added the Gorse in the entity making form and added ppg assets links.
- **[03/08/2022]** High quality human textures are now supported. Also added the possibility to make an object weightless. Also modified the README.md
- **[03/05/2022]** Added more explosive and weapon types.
- **[03/03/2022]** Added more weapon types.
- **[02/28/2022]** Fixed the save button, now you can save the elements you created correctly.
- **[02/27/2022]** Fixed some requirements, so you're not forced to put an audio when creating an object.
- **[02/22/2022]** You can now change entities' health and regeneration speed.
- **[02/21/2022]** Added a lot of content such as objects weight, material, spawn sound. Added the ability to create a category for your mod as well.
- **[03/09/2021]** Fixed the "compiler".
- **[03/08/2021]** Now saves all the content created in the localstorage.
- **[03/03/2021]** First version of the website.
